Add Release Guide to Sphinx Documentation (#4121)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/internal/release.rst

#######################
OpenDDS Release Process
#######################

The page provides the steps needed to make and publish a release of OpenDDS.

****************************
Notes About OpenDDS Releases
****************************

- A micro (aka patch) (X.Y.Z) release is somewhat different from a minor (X.Y.0) release.
  The steps where this is the case will be marked as such.
- All authoritative references to versions in the source code (like :ghfile:`VERSION.txt` or :ghfile:`dds/Version.h`) will be automatically updated by the release script, so there’s no need to do it manually.
  This also applies to :ghfile:`NEWS.md` where the release script expects the start of the current entry to be exactly the same as when it inserted it and it will change it to the release version.
  So the only thing that needs to manually edited is the list of changes.

Temporary Notes
===============

List of current problems with the release process and their workarounds.
If there's nothing to note then the list should just consist of ``- N/A``.

> - Read the docs version needs to be activated manually after the tag has been pushed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The readthedocs.org version needs to be activated manually after the tag has been pushed.
```

It's possible to use and edit ``gitrelease.pl`` without having to commit changes to it for a mock release if you use two repos.
One repo, lets call it ``$MOCK_ROOT``, is the one cloned from the mock organization mentioned in the previous instructions and is where the release is going to happen.
The other, ``$WORKING_ROOT``, is a normal repo where you can edit ``gitrelease.pl`` and other files and push changes to your normal GitHub fork.
Running ``$WORKING_ROOT/tools/scripts/gitrelease.pl`` from ``$MOCK_ROOT`` will work because ``gitrelease.pl`` does everything relative to the current working directory.
This also might be possible with ``git worktree`` instead of fully separate repos but this hasn't been tested.

After Running the Release Script
================================

Test the release package
------------------------

A simple test of Messenger will do.
The git tag is already cloned for you as part of the release process.

Upload the Shapes Demo Binaries
-------------------------------

.. note::

  This should only be done for the latest release.
  This is any release that's not a micro release of the non-latest minor release.

> During the release script there’s a step called “Trigger Shapes Demo Build” that triggers a workflow on GitHub to build the shapes demo for the new release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the release script there’s a step called "Trigger Shapes Demo Build" that triggers a workflow on GitHub to build the shapes demo for the new release.
```
